[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today I'm with David Adair.
David, welcome.
>> Thank you for having me here.
>> So David, why did we
stop going to the moon,
and why did we really kind
of have a halt to this
in the early '70s of
the space program?
>> I wish I could give you
an answer that's as good
as the question because
there's no logical answer.
None of it makes sense.
The official explanation
was unpopular.
You had 1968.
The Vietnam War was blazing hot.
It was really unpopular.
There was just poverty.
LBJ was trying to run the
great programs, welfare
and food stamps.
All that stuff came about.
>> Hard times.
>> It was, and they were just--
but really, I can
pinpoint it better.
It was NASA's fault
for not telling you
what they were doing,
why they were doing it,
and how their money was spent.
If you would have had that
subdivision of NASA called
Technology Transfer,
that division, really,
if they had advertised
that to the public,
the public would
have went, man, we're
getting some good
returns on our money.
Your tax dollars earned more
money on technology transfer
than Wall Street
could ever touch.
But nobody talked about that.
It was treated as an
unwanted stepchild.
>> And what does that mean, so
that the audience knows this
first technology
transfer system.
What does that actually--
what's the definition of that?
>> Example or the
best definition?
>> Just the example.
>> An example-- three astronauts
in a command module going
to the moon.
It's no bigger than
a walk-in closet.
>> Very tight.
>> They're eating, drinking, and
going to be out there for about
eight or nine days.
Something's got to give, y'all.
And everything floats.
So you got a real
sanitation problem.
They've got to do 1 and 2, and
it's going to float with you.
That's not a good deal.
So we had to make
this material that
would absorb nastiness stuff and
they could change out diapers.
We looked at that in
the transfer division,
called Johnson & Johnson, and
you get the disposable diaper.
That's where it came from.
The material in your
disposable diaper
is what the astronauts
wore to the moon and back.
That's technology transfer.
And everybody thought, wow.
I thought it was just Tang.
That stuff tasted
awful, by the way.
God almighty.
But that's technology transfer.
Now, in seriousness of
the technology transfer,
I know of at least
35,000 transfers
that's made it into your life.
>> Such as?
>> Crash barriers that you
see, that your car runs into.
You go, oh, how did that
come from the space program?
Well, here comes a command
module in at 5,000 miles
an hour.
And it's got to slow down
because if it don't, that's
a rough landing, even
in water at 5,000.
So the big parachutes open
up, big as a football field,
slow it down from
5,000 to about 12.
Well, you better have a
heck of a shock absorber
between the parachutes and
the capsule or the astronauts
are going out through the
bottom of the capsule.
They don't like that.
So the shock absorbers
transferred into these barriers
you see.
And it's not the ones with
the big yellow barrels.
It's the ones that
have all the cables.
You can hit that thing
at 80 miles an hour,
and you and your family
are going to walk away.
And another-- when we had the
astronauts in the Mercury days
flying up there, astronauts are
looking at going up in space,
doctor's sitting on
the ground, looking up.
I wonder if that astronaut's OK?
So they decided to do
something about that.
So they put the leads on the
astronauts, sent vital stuff
back to the doctors like
blood pressure, pulse
rate, respiratory functions--
>> Everything.
>> --and all that.
And they could then, oh,
the astronaut's doing fine.
Technology transfer comes in.
We look at that, put
it in two suitcases.
First responders
get to an accident
out here on the highway.
They open up the cases, hook
the leads to the person,
the information goes
back to the hospital.
All the vitals are there.
They tell the first responders
how to stabilize the person
and get him to the hospital.
Where do you think
this stuff came from?
Came from the space program.
And the computers.
I could go for hours
because there's
so much in computer
technology we
had to learn just to calculate
our way to the moon and back.
I started doing research working
as a space industrial transfer
consultant.
And in that world, I got
to see a lot of cool stuff
that the industrial applications
were being used in space.
And so one of the challenges
that especially the Soviet
Union's really leaning
on was the melting
of metal in a
weightless environment.
And that's when I saw
what looked familiar back
at Groom Lake, and went, that's
how they made this thing.
They must've cast this thing--
>> In vacuumless space.
>> --in the vacuum
weightlessness of space.
And it wasn't till
more research,
and I finally got
the idea how do
you shape metal in a
weightless environment.
The Soviets are looking at it.
America and NASA
is looking at it.
It's like shoveling
smoke or trying
to hammer jello to the wall.
It's a little hard, y'all.
But an accident happened
up there back in Skylab
when one of the astronauts
listened to some music
and the sound waves started
pushing the metal everywhere.
And there it was.
>> Bam.
>> That was the
aha moment for me.
And I started down the path of
doing mathematical equations
in geometric forms.
For every shape in a geometric
universe-- a triangle, a cone,
trapezoid, rectangle--
it has a distinct sound
that goes with it.
So by composing music, you
could shape with sound waves
the object of what you wanted.
>> Right.
Any--
>> Turned out--
>> Anything you want.
>> --once I got started, the
control tolerance was really
cool.
>> How did you-- yeah, that's
something we could get into.
>> The control tolerance of
standing vibrating waves,
when you get them to interlock
in a 90-degree corner,
people go, oh, yeah.
And I said, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Try it sometime.
>> Yeah.
They have to understand--
and correct me
if I'm wrong-- you
have to make something
in the vacuum of time and
space through my experience.
There's so many-- you have to
think of a sphere like a sea
urchin of all these different
angles of frequencies coming
in.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's on a molecular--
we're talking very small nano--
>> Oh, man.
>> This is beyond anything,
because you're rearranging
atoms into something that the
program will allow you to do,
right?
>> Well, the way I got around
that was at a grocery store
line, of all things.
And the clerk is standing
there with the barcoder,
this poor, mindless
zombie going at it.
I was watching it,
and when I saw the way
the light beams would
wrap around a product
so it gets the UPC code, and
then snatches it and clicks,
and it's done, I went, oh,
god, that's what I need!
So what you would do,
you'd take something
that you would scan
with a barcode reader,
or actually just a laser light
that would wrap around it.
You get the mathematical
computations off of that,
transfer it into
a computer that I
built that allowed
me to roll over
the mathematical computations
into corresponding sound waves.
And then what you do is, when
you have your molten metal
in a weightless
environment, like--
we used a thing called GAS.
G-A-S. Getaway Special.
>> [CHUCKLES]
>> I know.
It sounds funny.
I'm not making this up.
That was a real program.
Look it up.
For $3,000, $7,000,
or $10,000, you
could rent the space of
a 55-gallon drum that's
bolted on the inside wall
of the space shuttle.
>> Send it up.
>> And they ran thousands of
these programs in experiments.
And the astronauts would do two
things for you and that's it.
They would flip a switch on.
And then at a certain time
they flip the switch off.
So you had to make
everything robotic.
So after I got everything
in the canister,
in the gas can the way I
wanted it, it melted metal.
And what happened was when
we played the computation
equivalence of the shape,
and from the reading
of the barcode, the thing
became an absolute twin
of what you just copied.
But the tolerance was so cool.
I could control one ten
thousandths of an inch.
That's impossible in casting
in the gravity field of today.
And then it's the molecular
structure of the metal.
This is where it
really gets good.
>> And what metal were you
experimenting with up there?
>> There were some compounds
and alloys I was using.
I won't give out for
proprietary reasons.
>> Of course.
>> But these alloys, you could
manipulate them with the sound
waves.
So what happens, the metal--
if you could see
inside metal today,
anything that's
metal that we got,
on a subatomic level, the
molecular structure when
the molecules in the atoms
line up, it's just chaos.
Because the gravity convection
fields of the planet,
as the metal's
hardening, or casting it,
is just interfering with
all the molecular bonding.
So in space, you don't
have that problem.
The field's not there.
So you could set a
molecular structure the way
you want it to look and stay
in place until it's solidified,
hardened.
I'm not the brightest
bulb in the box,
so I thought what structure
would I want to use?
Well, Mother Nature's got
the best one we've ever seen.
It's called honeycomb.
And so I made a honeycomb
molecular bond of the metal.
And boy, that metal, when it
came back under shear load--
it was no thicker than my
fingernail, my thumbnail,
but on a shear load,
that thing had a thousand
times the strength of titanium.
It weighed less than
Styrofoam of the same size.
Crystal clear.
TransSteel of the 22nd century.
And it's just like the national
will for a space program
was just gone.
They didn't even want
to talk about it.
Wanted to do away with it.
Which, here comes
all the conspiracy
theories, alternate space
programs, all this stuff.
>> Yeah, was there an
alternate space program?
>> I don't know.
I never ran into one.
I never saw any of the ships.
>> Because they were
still receiving money,
but we weren't going anywhere.
>> Right.
>> So that's, for me, a problem
for the American people paying
all those taxes.
>> Yeah, you've got to
remember the poor taxpayer.
They're putting
out a lot of money,
and they're not really getting
a lot back that they know of.
>> Or a lot of fluff
that amounts to nothing.
>> But actually, you guys
were doing really well.
But NASA wouldn't promote
the industrial side of it.
Matter of fact, they even
told the big aerospace giants
like Rockwell National, who
was the Detroit of the space
shuttle, told them
that they were
over-industrializing space.
Which, even today,
when they first
said that to us back in the--
like 1970, '70, '71.
You're
over-industrializing space.
Went, name of god, that's
what we're here to do.
And they didn't want it.
Something else is
going on somewhere.
I'll grant you that.
Now, I can't go with
alternative space programs,
and Star Trek, and these
people coming and going, and--
what do they call them?
Off-world technologies.
I don't know
anything about that.
I've never been on an
off-world colony anywhere.
Sure would like to go.
Somebody come and get me,
and show me what you got.
But I've never seen any
proof of any of that.
All I know is I just seen the
most stupid decisions made
on the official part of
NASA and the government,
and it just stopped everything.
I get annoyed with
people when they
tell me this will be the
50th anniversary of going
to the moon.
That don't mean squat, dude.
I mean, you know
nothing about the moon.
You think we've
already been there.
Let me paint the
circumstances for you.
Did we go forwards or backwards
in our space exploration?
>> They stopped it.
All of a sudden, we were
going and everything halted.
>> Just stopped.
>> Around the year you know.
And it's like, well,
why did that happen?
Why did we stop?
Because at least-- how are we
going to break through that?
After we had all these accidents
in space that were public.
>> You know that
the average public--
I mean average-- they know
nothing about the space
program.
>> No.
No.
>> It don't even
enter their head.
>> That's what I try
to tell everyone.
>> They got their bucket of
chicken, and their hot wings,
and their Schlitz malt liquor,
and NFL on TV, and that's it.
None of this has entered their--
>> Right.
It hasn't nothing to do
with the NASA that you see.
>> So when I ask the
question did we go forwards
or backwards, they
go, I don't know.
Well, let me paint
it out for you.
50 years ago, I could hurl three
men and 450 tons of equipment
a half million miles to the
moon and back, round trip.
Today, I can't even get off the
planet to get low Earth orbit.
I have no way of
going to the moon.
Can't even take myself there,
much less any equipment.
So we've went backwards.
We shut down.
You're right.
And around 1970,
'72, we were poised
to really move on to
the moon, and then
it just stopped and shut down.
And it's been shutting
down ever since.
The pads that the space
shuttles launch from--
pad 39 A and B--
Google them and look at them.
>> Very familiar with this.
Yeah.
>> It's just concrete slabs.
>> It's nothing.
>> They took the launch gantries
and cut them to pieces and sold
them for scrap iron.
That's a clear message.
You ain't going nowhere.
>> Why did they do that?
Why do you think they
disassembled the program?
What's your opinion on that?
>> [LAUGHS]
>> I just saved you.
>> Yeah, you did.
My opinion.
It's-- it's--
[LAUGHTER]
It's, in a connected
way, lunacy.
None of this is making sense.
You have a $150
billion space platform
called the ISS,
which, by the way,
is not worth the effort
that we've been carrying on.
It's just a big erector set.
But anyway, it's going
around the Earth.
And the only way
you can get to it
now is you have to hitch
a ride on a Soviet rocket.
And depending on the
mood that Putin is in--
and the last time NASA said
something he was mad at them
and he told them next time
you want to get to the ISS,
use a trampoline.
Which I thought was so cool.
But we took our shuttle
fleet, our fleet
of vehicles that
get there and back,
and we put them in the museums.
With 66% of their life
left on the vehicles.
So you, the poor taxpayer,
you bought a car,
and you drove that
thing for about 28%,
and then you threw
it in the junkyard.
You got no way to
get to the ISS.
No backups in the wings
waiting to happen.
And you tell me that the private
sector is going to do it.
Let me tell you something
about the private sector space
program.
I've dealt with it
about four decades,
so I know a little bit about it.
First of all, that private
sector space program
has been sitting on its butt.
It's been letting you, the
taxpayers, fund everything.
You now expect them to
pull out their checkbooks
and start writing in where
you, the poor taxpayers,
have been paying for
all this and it ends?
What do you see?
Well, you see some
of these examples
of rockets flying up and coming
back and landing and stuff.
But it's nothing compared
to what you should be doing.
So it's only a fraction
of what you really need.
>> Where are they today?
Where is NASA today?
And where is our space
program going in relation to,
let's say, the other countries,
the other G8 countries?
>> Boy, that's a
loaded question.
Right now, NASA has going JPL.
That's about it.
Jet Propulsion Lab.
They're sending out robots
to explore outer planets
and inner planets.
>> And when, as
a civilian group,
are we able to jump on board
with that and it be open
to the public that--
>> Well, you really have
to work at it where you get
on the sites.
Even then, you get
spoon-fed information.
They're not with us at all.
>> No.
Right.
That's what I want
to get across.
>> No, we're not
doing this together.
>> Right.
And why is that?
Why won't they allow
the public to come in?
Is it because of the technology
they don't want to share?
>> You know--
[LAUGHS] I crashed a
policy meeting once.
I paid the price for it, though.
Got beat up by it.
>> Oh, Dave.
You bad boy, you.
>> I tell you.
It was at Cape Canaveral.
I think it was
like 1985 or 1982.
But anyway, they were
having a policy meeting.
I looked down at the
badges on the table.
I knew this one doctor
was in a different part
of the world doing
some research,
so I grabbed his badge and
put it on and walked in.
And if I had stayed
quiet, it'd been OK.
But I couldn't stay quiet.
The stuff they were saying
in this policy meeting
started off with--
the shuttle program
was just starting up.
And the opening
statement of the chairman
of the policy
committee of NASA said
we don't want this silliness
of romancing of the moon
like we had with the
Apollo days to be
involved with the shuttles.
And I'm sitting there going--
I had to raise my hand.
Well, excuse me,
that silly romancing
provided the budgets which paid
all our checks so we could go
do this stuff.
And they all looked at
me, and then they went on.
So then they made
another statement.
And it was along the lines of
the public is an intrusion.
And I raised my hand
and went intrusion?
We're working for them.
They're paying for this--
>> Uh-oh.
>> --so we can
explore it together.
That did it.
The guy next to me leaned
over and looked at my badge.
You're not Dr. Heimick!
And I said, no, I'm not.
Man, they throw me
out of that meeting.
I land face-first out
in the parking lot.
>> Oh.
>> Then they send deputy
sheriffs over to the restaurant
where I was, and they pulled me
out and started beating me up.
And I was saved by,
ironically, laborers
from a construction
crew that knew me.
And they come out there with
all their big pipe wrenches.
>> Oh, my goodness!
>> And the two cops backed
off and got in their cruisers
and said--
even the cops didn't
want to beat on me.
They just said we were told to
come over here and harass you.
>> Right.
>> And that's the way NASA is.
They don't want
to share anything.
Well, damn!
We're funding them!
What do you mean you don't
want to share anything?
Like they're elitist.
They have been riding
on the coattails
of those steely-eyed
rocket men from the '50s.
>> Right.
>> Been riding on
them for decades.
You don't have leadership
in the space program.
The last person that anybody
could tell me anything about
was some German named
Wernher von Braun.
That's about it.
Or they might remember
a name, Chris Kraft.
And they wasn't
sure whether he was
the director of Johnson
Spacecraft Center
or he built boats.
And I went, oh, god.
>> My goodness.
Well, in a nutshell,
David, as a civilization,
where are we going?
To wrap this up here
amongst the stars.
>> Well, right now
on an official level,
there's just no party
we're invited to.
We're not going anywhere.
They made that clear by
cutting up the pads 39
A and B. They've ended
the manned space program.
They're OK with little
robots and satellites,
but they don't want men
out there for some reason.
Somebody's driving
something for some reason.
>> Now, are you representing
all of the major G8 countries?
Or are you saying it was
mostly United States--
>> It was mostly the United
States and NASA that's trying
to control everything.
That control is slipping
out of their hands because--
back to the guys with the hot
wings and the malt liquor.
Listen up, dudes.
It isn't just NASA that's
got a space program.
You now have your
European Space Agency.
About 20 countries in that.
You've got CSA,
China Space Academy.
You got the Soviet Union.
You now have the Middle East
space program coming up.
You even got the African
Union's space program.
Didn't know that one, did you?
And there's more coming.
They are forming up
all around the planet.
Everybody but America.
>> What about the mining
of Mars and the moon?
Are we going to be able to get
up there and take some of this?
>> Yeah.
>> Because we can use AI and
other rovers and stuff to do
it.
>> Well, see, that's just it.
It's going to be hard to get
away from AI in the future.
It's going to be so integrated
into the fabric of society.
And they already started
on the commercial parts.
You watch TV now, they're
talking about AI in your life.
And it can help historians
understand better history
and all this stuff.
And they're making it
more benign-looking.
But it's coming out.
That's the key I
think they're missing,
is it's the speed at which
all this is going to move.
When the AIs get to a level
where they can be self-aware,
man, you're going to see
a jump like you're not
going to believe.
Now, if we survive this, then
within a single generation,
we could jump from
this world we're
in now back to George Jetson.
>> Right.
Do you see them maybe making a
catastrophe to bring this out,
or creating something, a
catastrophe on the planet
that they would be
forced to utilize this?
Because I've seen a lot
of different information
on projects which led me
to believe that there's
a lot of other
agendas to release,
like you said, this
type of technology.
But it has to be at the right
time because of a chaotic event
or an emergency situation.
>> I think--
I don't think we have to create
a disaster, or fake a war,
or a fake attack or whatever.
I think it's going to
do it on its own anyhow.
>> On its own, right.
>> If anything, it's inevitable.
It's not if, it's when.
And I think the
when part has got
them really concerned because
they know it's coming soon.
Circumstances will
push us into an area
where we'll be forced to use
stuff like this, like AIs,
to get out of our problems.
Then we're going to be faced
with another question--
is the AIs going to
want to cooperate?
Are they going to
invite us along
on the ride, or they
just going to ditch us?
>> Right.
Are we on the train
with them or not?
>> I know.
>> And are we going to be able
to go amongst the stars with
them?
>> Don't know.
>> And how?
And when?
These are some of the questions,
of course, we get a lot.
>> You know, think
about it, y'all.
They tell us in the
last 15, 20 years,
our technology equals all the
technology of the last 5,000
years combined.
How did we jump so far so quick?
We cheated.
We saw the answers to the test.
We saw somebody else's devices.
So that's why we
were jumping so much.
And if you noticed,
this has slowed down.
>> Yes.
>> Because I think
we're getting--
it's an infrastructure problem.
I knew that would--
if you're cheating like that,
you're going to run into that.
What are you talking about?
Let's say I built
a Lamborghini car.
Very powerful, very
powerful engine.
Runs really fast.
But it's 1860.
There's no oil refineries.
There's no gasoline.
There's no fuel for
the Lamborghini.
So we tie some horses to
it and pull it around.
It makes a cool-looking cart.
You don't have the
infrastructure for it.
That's what's happening
with technology today.
It's like building up,
but it's come to a stop.
It needs infrastructure
for it to expand.
It's not getting it.
I suspect that the major next
jump that it's going to have,
the AIs are going
to be involved.
Your artificial intelligence.
>> Sure.
>> But buddy, that AI comes
with a double-edged sword.
>> It sure does.
>> You've got to to be
careful of that technology
because that's one technology
that can outgrow you real fast.
>> Exactly.
>> If you get it started,
and it becomes self-aware--
>> It'll make the correct
decision sometimes.
>> Yeah, and the first
thing it's going to do
it's two-dimensional.
It's in a monitor
looking at you.
And the first thing it's
going to decide is, hey,
you're three-dimensional.
I need a bipedalled,
anthropoid body
so I can move around in
your three-dimensional world
so I can interact with you.
Well, that all sounds
nice and simple.
So they've started
building their own units.
And they got their own factory.
They don't need us.
It's the speed at that point.
And you don't know which
way it's going to go.
I mean, my question is
it Data or Terminator?
>> Right.
>> You don't know.
>> No.
>> Only AIs will know.
They'll make that decision.
But people said, well, they'll
be inadequate because they
can't master emotions.
Well, let me tell you what's
happening already in that area.
Is that now entities
like Sophia--
the artificial
intelligent woman that's
on the internet, YouTube--
they got her hooked
into the cloud.
Well, why is that a big problem?
Think about what you're
doing here, y'all.
She'll eventually
master one emotion.
There's a lot to learn.
But as soon as she
learns that, and you've
got thousands or millions
of AIs across the planet,
they're all hooked
into the cloud,
and at the speed
of light, they're
all going to know just as
fast as when she knows it.
So you don't have
just one learning it.
You got millions learning it.
And before you know it, they've
already got the full range,
and now they're at
that decision point--
Data or Terminator.
How do you control an entity
that is now self-aware,
doesn't have an IQ in the
hundreds, or thousands--
in the millions!
>> But makes judgment calls,
too, off of everything--
>> Absolutely!
--it reads on the cloud,
which is everyone.
>> Everybody.
>> Many different
views and opinions.
>> And the speed at
which they can process,
it's going to be on you
faster than you realized.
I've caught criticism
over the years.
I was worried about
this stuff 30 years ago.
I was thinking
about AIs and what
they're getting ready to do.
So I caught a lot of
criticism because I
won't publish white papers.
And they said,
oh, you're a fake.
You're a fraud.
It doesn't exist.
And they go because
you don't have
any white papers, no research.
Yeah, you're right.
It's not because I didn't do it.
>> It's classified.
>> I did do it.
I'm not printing it because
guess what the AIs are going
to do in the very first round?
They're going to pull
all the white papers.
All the patents.
Instantly.
Process it.
>> They want to
see what we know.
>> Yeah.
And then start looking
for weak points,
and find your Achilles heel.
They'll come up on David
Adair, and they get a blank.
And they go, well, did he do
this stuff or he didn't do it?
He's an unknown.
We don't know how to deal
with him because there's
nothing on him.
And that's how you get
around a million IQ.
They can't do anything to you
if they don't know anything
about you.
>> Well, thanks, Dave,
for coming on the show.
I appreciate having you.
This is Emery Smith with "Cosmic
Disclosure," until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]